Add State Space Documentation (#639)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/wpilib-tools/robot-simulation/physics-sim.rst

Because state-space notation allows us to compactly represent the :term:`dynamics <Dynamics>` of :term:`systems <system>`, we can leverage it to provide a backend for simulating physical systems on robots. The goal of these simulators is to simulate the motion of robot mechanisms without modifying existing non-simulation user code. The basic flow of such simulators is as follows:

- In normal user code:

   - PID or similar control algorithms generate voltage commands from encoder (or other sensor) readings 
   - Motor outputs are set
- In simulation periodic code:

   - The simulation's :term:`state` is updated using :term:`inputs <input>`, usually voltages from motors set from a PID loop
   - Simulated encoder (or other sensor) readings are set for user code to use in the next timestep

WPILib's Simulation Classes
---------------------------

The following physics simulation classes are available in WPILib:

- LinearSystemSim, for modeling systems with linear dynamics
- FlywheelSim
- DifferentialDrivetrainSim
- ElevatorSim, which models gravity
- SingleJointedArmSim, which models gravity
- BatterySim, which simply estimates battery voltage sag based on drawn currents

> All simulation classes (with the exception of the differential drive simulator) inherit from the :code:`LinearSystemSim` class. By default, the dynamics are the linear system dynamics :math:`\mathbf{x}_{k+1} = \mathbf{A}\mathbf{x}_k + \mathbf{B}\mathbf{u}_k`. Subclasses override the :code:`UpdateXhat(xhat, u, dt)` method to provide custom, nonlinear dynamics, such as modeling gravity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All simulation classes (with the exception of the differential drive simulator) inherit from the :code:`LinearSystemSim` class. By default, the dynamics are the linear system dynamics :math:`\mathbf{x}_{k+1} = \mathbf{A}\mathbf{x}_k + \mathbf{B}\mathbf{u}_k`. Subclasses override the :code:`UpdateX(x, u, dt)` method to provide custom, nonlinear dynamics, such as modeling gravity.
```

Usage in User Code
------------------

The following is available from the WPILib :code:`elevatorsimulation` `example project <https://github.com/mcm001/allwpilib/tree/state-space-v2/wpilibjExamples/src/main/java/edu/wpi/first/wpilibj/examples/elevatorsimulation>`__.

In addition to standard objects such as motors and encoders, we instantiate our elevator simulator using known constants such as carriage mass and gearing reduction. We also instantiate an :code:`EncoderSim`, which sets the distance and rate read by our our :code:`Encoder`.

.. tabs::

>    .. group-tab:: Java

Reviewer: These examples all need C++ equivalents.

Physics Simulation with WPILib
==============================

> Because state-space notation allows us to compactly represent the :term:`dynamics <dynamics>` of :term:`systems <system>`, we can leverage it to provide a backend for simulating physical systems on robots. The goal of these simulators is to simulate the motion of robot mechanisms without modifying existing non-simulation user code. The basic flow of such simulators is as follows:

Reviewer 2: Please link to state-space documentation.

- FlywheelSim
- DifferentialDrivetrainSim
- ElevatorSim, which models gravity
- SingleJointedArmSim, which models gravity
- BatterySim, which simply estimates battery voltage sag based on drawn currents

All simulation classes (with the exception of the differential drive simulator) inherit from the :code:`LinearSystemSim` class. By default, the dynamics are the linear system dynamics :math:`\mathbf{x}_{k+1} = \mathbf{A}\mathbf{x}_k + \mathbf{B}\mathbf{u}_k`. Subclasses override the :code:`UpdateX(x, u, dt)` method to provide custom, nonlinear dynamics, such as modeling gravity.

Usage in User Code
------------------

The following is available from the WPILib :code:`elevatorsimulation` `example project <https://github.com/mcm001/allwpilib/tree/state-space-v2/wpilibjExamples/src/main/java/edu/wpi/first/wpilibj/examples/elevatorsimulation>`__.

In addition to standard objects such as motors and encoders, we instantiate our elevator simulator using known constants such as carriage mass and gearing reduction. We also instantiate an :code:`EncoderSim`, which sets the distance and rate read by our our :code:`Encoder`.

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: Java

>       .. remoteliteralinclude:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mcm001/allwpilib/state-space-v2/wpilibjExamples/src/main/java/edu/wpi/first/wpilibj/examples/elevatorsimulation/Robot.java

Reviewer 2: We should explain the constants in further detail on what exactly they are, and what format is expected

Author: what's "they"?

Reviewer 2: Constants

Reviewer 2: They being the constants

         :language: java
         :lines: 54-61
         :linenos:
         :lineno-start: 36

   .. group-tab:: C++

      .. remoteliteralinclude:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mcm001/allwpilib/state-space-v2-stage-2/wpilibcExamples/src/main/cpp/examples/ElevatorSimulation/cpp/Robot.cpp
         :language: cpp
         :lines: 58-66
         :linenos:
         :lineno-start: 36

Next, :code:`teleopPeriodic`/:code:`TeleopPeriodic` (Java/C++) uses a simple PID control loop to drive our elevator to a setpoint 30 inches off the ground.

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: Java

      .. remoteliteralinclude:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mcm001/allwpilib/state-space-v2/wpilibjExamples/src/main/java/edu/wpi/first/wpilibj/examples/elevatorsimulation/Robot.java
         :language: java
         :lines: 83-93
         :linenos:
         :lineno-start: 36

   .. group-tab:: C++

      .. remoteliteralinclude:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mcm001/allwpilib/state-space-v2-stage-2/wpilibcExamples/src/main/cpp/examples/ElevatorSimulation/cpp/Robot.cpp
         :language: cpp
         :lines: 89-99
         :linenos:
         :lineno-start: 36

> Next, :code:`simulationPeriodic`/:code:`SimulationPeriodic` (Java/C++) uses the voltage applied to the motor to update the simulated position of the elevator.

Reviewer 2: What exactly is "simulationPeriodic", this should probably be explained in small detail.
